driver.obj: combinations/Combinations.h combinations/CombMemory.h
driver.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h combinations/CombReference.h
driver.obj: utils/CombinationType.h combinations/Combination.h
driver.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h strategies/Strategy.h
driver.obj: strategies/result/Result.h strategies/result/Winners.h
driver.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h utils/Card.h
driver.obj: utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h strategies/optim/Study.h
driver.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h strategies/result/Range.h
driver.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h distributions/Reductions.h
driver.obj: distributions/Reduction.h combinations/CombHelp.h
driver.obj: distributions/Distributions.h distributions/DistMemory.h
driver.obj: distributions/Distribution.h distributions/DistMap.h
driver.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h distributions/SurvivorList.h
driver.obj: distributions/DistCore.h distributions/Survivors.h
driver.obj: distributions/Reductions.h distributions/covers/Covers.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h distributions/covers/Product.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h distributions/covers/Term.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h distributions/covers/Top.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
driver.obj: distributions/covers/TermCompare.h inputs/Control.h
driver.obj: inputs/Entity.h inputs/Convert.h strategies/result/ResConvert.h
driver.obj: utils/Timers.h utils/Timer.h
combinations/Combination.obj: combinations/Combinations.h
combinations/Combination.obj: combinations/CombMemory.h
combinations/Combination.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h
combinations/Combination.obj: combinations/CombReference.h
combinations/Combination.obj: utils/CombinationType.h
combinations/Combination.obj: combinations/Combination.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/Strategy.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
combinations/Combination.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
combinations/Combination.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/Reduction.h
combinations/Combination.obj: combinations/CombHelp.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/Distributions.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/DistMemory.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/Distribution.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/DistMap.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/DistCore.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/Survivors.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
combinations/Combination.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
combinations/Combination.obj: inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h plays/Plays.h
combinations/Combination.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/Combination.obj: plays/Nodes.h plays/Node.h plays/DebugPlay.h
combinations/Combination.obj: ranks/Ranks.h ranks/Declarer.h ranks/Player.h
combinations/Combination.obj: utils/Card.h utils/table.h ranks/Opponents.h
combinations/Combination.obj: ranks/Completion.h plays/Play.h utils/Timers.h
combinations/Combination.obj: utils/Timer.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/Combinations.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/CombMemory.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/CombReference.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: utils/CombinationType.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/Combination.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/Strategy.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/Reduction.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/CombHelp.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/CombFiles.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: combinations/CombTest.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/Distributions.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/DistMemory.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/Distribution.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/DistMap.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/DistCore.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/Survivors.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: distributions/covers/ResExpl.h plays/Plays.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: plays/Nodes.h plays/Node.h plays/DebugPlay.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: ranks/Ranks.h ranks/Declarer.h ranks/Player.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: utils/Card.h utils/table.h ranks/Opponents.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: ranks/Completion.h plays/Play.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h
combinations/Combinations.obj: utils/Timers.h utils/Timer.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: combinations/CombMemory.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: combinations/CombReference.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: utils/CombinationType.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: combinations/Combination.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: distributions/Reduction.h inputs/Control.h
combinations/CombMemory.obj: inputs/Entity.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: combinations/CombMemory.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: combinations/CombReference.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: utils/CombinationType.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: combinations/Combination.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/CombEntry.obj: distributions/Reduction.h
combinations/CombFiles.obj: combinations/CombFiles.h combinations/CombEntry.h
combinations/CombFiles.obj: combinations/CombReference.h
combinations/CombFiles.obj: utils/CombinationType.h inputs/Control.h
combinations/CombFiles.obj: inputs/Entity.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/Distributions.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/DistMemory.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/Distribution.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/DistMap.h distributions/DistHelp.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/DistCore.h distributions/Survivors.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h utils/table.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/Card.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: distributions/Reduction.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: combinations/Combination.h utils/CombinationType.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: combinations/CombMemory.h combinations/CombEntry.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: combinations/CombReference.h
combinations/CombTest.obj: combinations/CombTest.h const.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/Distributions.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/DistMemory.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/Distribution.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/DistMap.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/DistCore.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/Survivors.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
distributions/Distributions.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
distributions/DistMap.obj: distributions/DistMap.h distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/DistMap.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h utils/table.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/DistCore.h distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/Survivors.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h utils/table.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/DistCore.obj: distributions/DistMap.h plays/Play.h const.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/DistMemory.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/Distribution.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/DistMap.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/DistCore.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/Survivors.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h utils/table.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
distributions/DistMemory.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
distributions/Reductions.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
distributions/Reductions.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/Reductions.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
distributions/SurvivorList.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
distributions/SurvivorList.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/covers/Compositions.obj: distributions/covers/Compositions.h
distributions/covers/Compositions.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/Survivors.obj: distributions/Survivors.h
distributions/Survivors.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
distributions/Survivors.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h plays/Play.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h utils/table.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/Cover.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/CoverNew.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/ResExpl.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/Card.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h const.h
distributions/covers/Covers.obj: utils/Timer.h
distributions/covers/Term.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/Term.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h utils/table.h
distributions/covers/Term.obj: distributions/covers/TermCompare.h const.h
distributions/covers/TermCompare.obj: distributions/covers/TermCompare.h
distributions/covers/TermCompare.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/Length.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/Length.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/Length.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/Length.obj: utils/table.h
distributions/covers/Top.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/Top.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/Top.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h utils/table.h
distributions/covers/Top.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/Product.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/Product.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/Product.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/Product.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/Product.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/Product.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/Profile.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/CoverSet.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/CoverSpec.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverMemory.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: utils/table.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/Compositions.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
distributions/covers/CoverMemory.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/CoverRow.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: utils/table.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h
distributions/covers/CoverTableau.obj: utils/Compare.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: utils/table.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/TableauCache.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/ResExpl.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
distributions/covers/ResExpl.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
distributions/covers/ExplStat.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStats.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/ExplStat.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: utils/table.h distributions/covers/Top.h
distributions/covers/ExplStats.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
inputs/Convert.obj: inputs/Convert.h const.h utils/table.h
inputs/Control.obj: inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h inputs/Convert.h
inputs/Control.obj: inputs/parse.h const.h
inputs/Entity.obj: inputs/Entity.h inputs/parse.h
inputs/parse.obj: inputs/parse.h
plays/Plays.obj: plays/Plays.h plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
plays/Plays.obj: plays/Nodes.h plays/Node.h strategies/Strategies.h
plays/Plays.obj: strategies/Slist.h strategies/Strategy.h
plays/Plays.obj: strategies/result/Result.h strategies/result/Winners.h
plays/Plays.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h utils/Card.h
plays/Plays.obj: utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h strategies/optim/Study.h
plays/Plays.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h strategies/result/Range.h
plays/Plays.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h distributions/Reductions.h
plays/Plays.obj: distributions/Reduction.h plays/DebugPlay.h plays/Chunks.h
plays/Plays.obj: combinations/Combinations.h combinations/CombMemory.h
plays/Plays.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h combinations/CombReference.h
plays/Plays.obj: utils/CombinationType.h combinations/Combination.h
plays/Plays.obj: combinations/CombHelp.h inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h
plays/Plays.obj: utils/Timer.h
plays/Play.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
plays/Play.obj: combinations/Combinations.h combinations/CombMemory.h
plays/Play.obj: combinations/CombEntry.h combinations/CombReference.h
plays/Play.obj: utils/CombinationType.h combinations/Combination.h
plays/Play.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
plays/Play.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
plays/Play.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h strategies/result/Winner.h
plays/Play.obj: utils/table.h utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
plays/Play.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h strategies/result/Ranges.h
plays/Play.obj: strategies/result/Range.h strategies/result/MultiResult.h
plays/Play.obj: distributions/Reductions.h distributions/Reduction.h
plays/Play.obj: combinations/CombHelp.h inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h
plays/Play.obj: utils/Card.h
plays/Nodes.obj: plays/Nodes.h plays/Node.h strategies/Strategies.h
plays/Nodes.obj: strategies/Slist.h strategies/Strategy.h
plays/Nodes.obj: strategies/result/Result.h strategies/result/Winners.h
plays/Nodes.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h utils/Card.h
plays/Nodes.obj: utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h strategies/optim/Study.h
plays/Nodes.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h strategies/result/Range.h
plays/Nodes.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h distributions/Reductions.h
plays/Nodes.obj: distributions/Reduction.h plays/Play.h
plays/Nodes.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h plays/Chunks.h
plays/Node.obj: plays/Node.h strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
plays/Node.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
plays/Node.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h strategies/result/Winner.h
plays/Node.obj: utils/table.h utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
plays/Node.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h strategies/result/Ranges.h
plays/Node.obj: strategies/result/Range.h strategies/result/MultiResult.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/Reductions.h distributions/Reduction.h
plays/Node.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
plays/Node.obj: combinations/Combination.h utils/CombinationType.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/Distribution.h distributions/DistMap.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h distributions/SurvivorList.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/DistCore.h distributions/Survivors.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/Reductions.h distributions/covers/Covers.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h distributions/covers/Length.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h distributions/covers/Profile.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
plays/Node.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h inputs/Control.h
plays/Node.obj: inputs/Entity.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: ranks/Ranks.h ranks/Declarer.h ranks/Player.h utils/Card.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: utils/table.h ranks/Opponents.h ranks/Completion.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: plays/Play.h utils/CombinationType.h ranks/cranked.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: ranks/canon.h plays/Plays.h plays/Play.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h plays/Nodes.h plays/Node.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h strategies/result/Winner.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: utils/table.h utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h strategies/result/Ranges.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: strategies/result/Range.h strategies/result/MultiResult.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: distributions/Reductions.h distributions/Reduction.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: plays/DebugPlay.h combinations/CombEntry.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: combinations/CombReference.h inputs/Control.h
ranks/Ranks.obj: inputs/Entity.h ./const.h
ranks/Player.obj: ranks/Player.h utils/Card.h utils/table.h const.h
ranks/Declarer.obj: ranks/Declarer.h ranks/Player.h utils/Card.h
ranks/Declarer.obj: utils/table.h ranks/Opponents.h
ranks/Opponents.obj: ranks/Opponents.h ranks/Player.h utils/Card.h
ranks/Opponents.obj: utils/table.h const.h
ranks/canon.obj: ranks/Declarer.h ranks/Player.h utils/Card.h utils/table.h
ranks/canon.obj: ranks/Opponents.h ranks/canon.h const.h
ranks/cranked.obj: ranks/cranked.h plays/Play.h utils/table.h const.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/Slist.h strategies/Strategy.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/result/Result.h strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h utils/Card.h
strategies/Slist.obj: utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h strategies/result/Ranges.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/Reductions.h distributions/Reduction.h
strategies/Slist.obj: strategies/StratData.h strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/Slist.obj: plays/Play.h distributions/Distribution.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/DistMap.h distributions/DistHelp.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h distributions/DistCore.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/Survivors.h distributions/Reductions.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/ResExpl.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
strategies/Slist.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h inputs/Control.h
strategies/Slist.obj: inputs/Entity.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/Strategies.h strategies/Slist.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: distributions/Reduction.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/optim/Extensions.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/optim/Extension.h strategies/Strategy.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/optim/Splits.h strategies/optim/Split.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: strategies/Slist.h plays/Play.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h inputs/Control.h
strategies/Strategies.obj: inputs/Entity.h utils/Timer.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: strategies/Strategy.h strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h strategies/result/Ranges.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h plays/Play.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/Distribution.h distributions/DistMap.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/DistHelp.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/SurvivorList.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/DistCore.h distributions/Survivors.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/Reductions.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Cover.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSpec.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverSet.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Product.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Length.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Term.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/TermHelp.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Top.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Profile.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverNew.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverHelp.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/TableauCache.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverRow.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/ResExpl.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/Covers.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: distributions/covers/CoverTableau.h inputs/Control.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: inputs/Entity.h utils/compsec.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/Strategy.obj: const.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/optim/Study.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
strategies/optim/Study.obj: strategies/result/ResConvert.h
strategies/optim/Extensions.obj: strategies/optim/Extensions.h
strategies/optim/Extensions.obj: strategies/optim/Extension.h
strategies/optim/Extensions.obj: strategies/Strategy.h
strategies/optim/Extensions.obj: strategies/optim/Splits.h
strategies/optim/Extensions.obj: strategies/optim/Split.h strategies/Slist.h
strategies/optim/Extension.obj: strategies/optim/Extension.h
strategies/optim/Extension.obj: strategies/Strategy.h
strategies/optim/Extension.obj: strategies/optim/Split.h strategies/Slist.h
strategies/optim/Splits.obj: strategies/optim/Splits.h
strategies/optim/Splits.obj: strategies/optim/Split.h strategies/Slist.h
strategies/result/Range.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/result/Range.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
strategies/result/Range.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Range.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/Range.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/Range.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: strategies/result/Ranges.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/Ranges.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/result/Result.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/result/Result.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Result.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/Result.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/Result.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Result.obj: inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h
strategies/result/MultiResult.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
strategies/result/MultiResult.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/MultiResult.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/MultiResult.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/MultiResult.obj: utils/Compare.h strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/result/MultiResult.obj: inputs/Control.h inputs/Entity.h
strategies/result/Winners.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Winners.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/Winners.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/Winners.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Winners.obj: utils/Comparer.h utils/Compare.h const.h
strategies/result/Winner.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/Winner.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/Winner.obj: plays/Play.h strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/Winner.obj: ranks/Completion.h utils/Card.h const.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: strategies/result/ResConvert.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: strategies/result/Result.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: strategies/result/Winners.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: strategies/result/Winner.h utils/table.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: utils/Compare.h strategies/result/RAnges.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: strategies/result/Range.h
strategies/result/ResConvert.obj: strategies/result/MultiResult.h
utils/Card.obj: utils/Card.h utils/Compare.h const.h
utils/Comparer.obj: utils/Comparer.h utils/Compare.h
utils/Timer.obj: utils/Timer.h
utils/Timers.obj: utils/Timers.h utils/Timer.h
utils/compsec.obj: utils/Compare.h
